Log in page - 

1. Validate if User name, Password field and submit button are present
2. Validate if User is able to enter CORRECT username and password credentials and click on Submit -> Navigates or makes visible a element in the intended page
3. Validate if User on entering wrong creds gets a Error message or a chance to re-enter the credentials


Data Entry - 

1. There is a valid field for user to input integer in it
2. Validate if String,charatcer or Decimal values are not allowed to be entered in the entry field
3. Validate if the entered value is same as the value that is read and assert the same


Validation of 4 times a day - 

1. Create a fresh user record. Try and do the sugar level as integer entry 5 times in a series. There should be a error message for the save of the 5th itteration.
2. Create a fresh user record. Enter the sugar level as in=teger entry 3 times. Enter a integer value in the field and clear it from the field without saving. Now try to enter a new value. It should be allowed to enter as the 4th entry was not saved and this should be taken as 4th entry.


Reports - 

1. Validate if the 3 report options are displayed in the UI- Daily, Month to Date and Monthly
2. Validate upon clicking on the date selector a Calendar widget is opened with the current month and year in default
3. Validate if the user is able to select any speicified date in the calendar
4. On selecting some DD/MM/YYYY and opting for Daily report - Validate if the report shows only one date which should be the specified date(Range - DD/MM/YY)
5. On selecting some DD/MM/YYYY and opting for Month to date report - Validate if the report starts on the 1st of the specified month and the Report last date is the specified date in the same month.(Range - 01/MM to DD/MM)
6. On selecting some DD/MM/YYYY and opting for Monthly report - Validate if user is only able to select Month from the calendar and not date. The report should have the data for 01/MM to 30/MM or 31/MM based on month selected
7. Validate if Max, min and average data points are availabe and visible in all the reports
8. Validate if Max and Min are the highest and the lowest entries respectively in the given data range